{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 @Arial Unicode MS;}{\f1\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green255\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\b\f0\fs24 Changelog\par
\b0\i\fs16 Press Esc or click the close button to return to the game.\b\i0\fs24\par
\par
\b0 ---Version 0.6.7(Current)---\par
-Deploys are now made more visible and multicolored- team color will only color part of the deploy.\par
-Double-clicking a game on the games list will join it.\par
-Misc visual and audio bugs fixed\par
-Fixed a long-time glitch that stopped games from finishing when a player crashes or disconnects in game.\par
-Shield regeneration is halved when regenerating over missing armor.\par
-Automatic turning when not moving returned.\par
-Trigger changed to Direct: Fire and control a node that will shoot out bullets as it moves.\par
\par
Rebalance:\par
Phantom Mine: Dash range reduced to 50 from 60. Phantom Mines now become visible faster.\par
Swiftwing: Beserk Drive passive ability: energy regen increased to 0.8 from 0.6. Energy and heat reset when entering beserk. \par
Fragment Missile: Fragments will now redirect at the originally hit enemy every second until they explode or hit an enemy.\par
Solus: Bullets fire out in three directions at once, up from two. Solus is now affected by damage decay. Solus is set from the ship instead of the cursor.\par
Burst: Created bullets' directions are now based off of the original shot's direction, rather than 0.\par
Trigger/Direct: Damage increased to 5 from 4. Direct is affected by damage decay.\b\par
\par
\par
\b0 ---Version 0.6.6---\par
Code Rework Update\par
-Much of the game's coding has been reformatted, resulting is many small changes to improve efficiency.\par
-"Random" map option improved to pick maps that have been picked recently less often.\par
-Swiftwing Beserk passive changed: will now activate on reaching 0 armor. The ship has 5 seconds of very high energy regen and free primary fire before exploding.\par
-Two new in-game tracks added, totaling up to 4.\par
-Misc error-producing bugs removed\par
-Energy bar will now glow red when overheated, and a shine effect will occur when out of overheat.\par
\par
Rebalance:\par
Phantom Mine: Mines are now seen when farther away and more visibly. Dash range reduced to 60 from 80.\par
Stasis: Slowing power weakened- all ships are now reduced to 3 speed when slowed. Glitch fixed where Stasis was slowing for more than intended.\par
Paladin Turret: Can now only be hit by non-deploys once every 10 frames. Armor reduced to 40 from 60.\par
Swiftwing: Beserk passive ability energy regen increased to 3x from 2x the normal amount.\par
Swiftwing: Warp Drive active ability now costs only 30 heat, but overheats the ship.\par
\b\par
\par
\b0 ---Version 0.6.5---\par
Rebalance Update\par
-Window now remains on top during tutorial to avoid unwanted mouse control.\par
-Changelog now viewable in-game.\par
-Players are now invincible for 3 seconds after spawning.\par
-Flank updated and renamed to Seeker: Seeker will redirect towards enemies when coming close, but missing targets. This happens up to twice.\par
-Phantom Mines will now rapidly move towards enemies that are very close(80 range).\par
-Hermit Missile and Layer missile combined into an upgraded Layer Missile. Now gains homing and damage based on distance travelled. Can travel through walls at the expense of damage.\par
-Turret updated and changed to Paladin Turret: Paladin Turrets will emit a shield that will halve the damage taken by allies around it. They will noly receive damage if attacked from inside the shield.\par
-Hermit Missile replaced with Fragment Missile: Fires out a missile that will burst into 5 missiles if it hits its target. These missiles will home on the first enemy any of them hit.\par
-Player rating formula changed to be more stable.\par
-Double's backward shot will now automatically aim towards the nearest enemy.\par
\par
\par
Rebalance:\par
Siphon: Range increased to 400 from 260. Heat usage increased to 5 from 3.8. Missing shots will cause 2 heat.\par
Solus: Delay until fire reduced to 35 from 70.\par
Stasis: Heat usage increased to 11 from 7. Enemies hit by stasis will now have their acceleration negated for 20 frames.(W must be held down for 1/3 a second after leaving a stasis field before you start accelerating)\par
Trigger: Maximum bombs increased to 6 from 4. Alphastar Amplification adds two bombs to this to a total of 8.\par
Flank/Seeker: Damage reduced to 6 from 8. Fire rate increased to 10 from 8. Heat usage increased to 5.3 from 3.2.\par
Turret/Paladin Turret: Fire rate increased to 15 from 9. Range increased to 400 from 300. Life icnreased to 60 from 40. Stock decreased to 2 from 3.\par
Swiftwing: Armor increased to 55 from 50.\par
Dual Missile: Penetration damage decreased to 10 from 12.\par
Trident Missile: Penetration damage decreased to 8 from 9.\par
Split Missile: Damage and penetration damage both reduced to 11 from 12.\par
Hunter Mine: Damage reduced to 15. Penetration damage reduced to 25. \par
Shock Missile: Homing value decreased to 4 from 5.\par
Goliath: Shield Pulse Active ability heat cost increased to 35 from 30.\par
Stardust: Can now be used immediately after finishing a previous use.\par
\par
\par
\par
---Version 0.6.4---\par
Sound Update\par
-Background Music added- 4 tracks total.\par
-Sound effects added.\par
-Simple Tutorial added.\par
-Barrier's amplification effect changed to "Increased duration and costs 10 less energy to use".\par
-Goliath's active ability now uses only heat. Can no longer be held out.\par
\par
\par
Rebalance:\par
Trail: Energy cost increased to 30 from 25. Trail is now affected by damage decay.\par
Trident Missile: Damage increased from 1 to 2. Penetration decreased from 10 to 9.\par
Locust Missile: Shieldless damage increased to 3.5 from 3. Shield damage reflects the change.\par
\par
\par
---Version 0.6.3---\par
In-Progress update\par
-Katrin Coast and Victa Base maps now revamped and available.\par
-Close button now properly works\par
-Misc errors and bugs fixed\par
-Turrets are now destroyed when the player who placed them dies\par
-Storm's code reworked to be more efficient(make less framerate lag)\par
-Goliath's passive now regenerates deploys at half the previous rate, but can regenerate before losing all stock.\par
-Swiftwing's active now uses a flat 30 energy and causes 30 heat to warp up to 400 distance away, instead of a scaling energy cost.\par
-Goliath's Active can now be held out while ctrl/shirt/alt is held down, but drains energy and shield.\par
-Stasis fields now move toward targets while they are increasing in size when triggered by them\par
-View System Updated- view now zooms in at a third of the zoom-out rate. Zoom-in only happens after 3 seconds. Default view size icnreased.\par
-Cursor size lowered by 30%\par
-Font for mouse-over information changed to Arial to improve legibility.\par
 -Names of weapons display when holding the cursor over their icons when switching weapons in-game.\par
-"Random" added to selectable maps.\par
-Weapon icons will now fade out when unavailable and flash when first available again.\par
-Targeting reticle now has an animation when first locking on.\par
\par
\par
Rebalance:\par
Formation: Damage reduced to 5 from 6. Formation is now affected by damage decay.\par
Trigger: Bullet range reduced.\par
Goliath: Armor reduced to 130 from 140. Shield reduced to 50 from 54.\par
Turret: Turret life reduced to 40 from 50.\par
Shock Missile: Shock effect now cuts energy regen in half as opposed to stopping it entirely\par
Sparkline: Damage per node reduced to 10 from 12.\par
\par
\par
---Version 0.6.2---\par
Menu Update\par
-Many menu items recieved a mouse-over action. Weapon icons glow at the edges, text selections pop out slightly.\par
-Practice mode re-enabled.\par
\tab -Tips for selected weapons will be displayed when using them.\par
-Games List now functional again\par
\tab -Expired games, duplicate ip games, and old games with your ip are now automatically removed to prevent error.\par
-Map preview box added to waiting room.\par
-Game creation and match settings boxes redone to better match past updates.\par
-Game Guide now available form the main menu.\par
\par
-Chain primary reverted to Stasis, with changes: \par
\tab -Stasis will now only explode into a field when near an enemy, instead of at the cursor.\par
\tab -Stasis will deal 1 damage when an enemy first enters a stasis field.\par
-Fusion Energy Secondary revamp:\par
\tab -Fusion now moves much quicker and more erratic toward the cursor, and moves a little beyond before ending.\par
\tab -Fusion damage lowered to 5 from 10.\par
\tab -Fusion energy usage increased to 25 from 20.\par
-Trigger Energy Secondary Revamp:\par
\tab -You can now only place a limited amount of bombs, which will NOT be destroyed on use.\par
\tab -Triggering the bombs now costs energy.\par
-Strike Mine Deploy Secondary update:\par
\tab -Placed mines can now be picked back up to replenish stock.\par
\par
\par
Rebalance:\par
Slash: Energy Cost increased to 25 from 20. Damage decay rate increased to 0.08 from 0.05.\par
Needle: Damage increased to 10 from 8.\par
Wave: Damage icnreased to 18 from 15.\par
Flank: Damage increased to 8 from 5.\par
Double: Damage icnreased to 8 from 6. Heat cost reduced to 3 from 3.5.\par
Hermit Missile: Aging rate increased.\par
Locust Missile: Damage reduced to 3 from 4.\par
\par
\par
---Version 0.6.0---\par
Multiplayer Pre-Alpha\par
-Ship passive abilities implemented:\par
  -Alphastar: Weapon Amplification; Improves the hotkeyed weapon\par
  -Swiftwing: Beserk Capacitor; Boosts energy regeneration when at very low armor\par
  -Goliath: Weaponsmith Bay; Slowly regenrates a use of a deploy that has run out, when the deploy is selected\par
-Swiftwing active ability changed: Warp Drive; Blink towards the cursor with some limits\par
-Stasis primary changed: Chain; shoots a single shot out when at max energy. A hit target will be slowed during continuous fire\par
-Slash Energy Secondary revamped\par
-Death revamp:\par
  -A camera can be controlled to switch from player to player when dead\par
  -Increased death time. The player now presses a key to respawn. Respawn is automatic if slow.\par
  -A single weapon can now be changed out during each death\par
-Misc new effects: Improved death explosion, spawn animation, large text on kill and match over\par
-Level visuals significantly improved on most maps\par
-Updated match starting sequence\par
-New Primary Weapons(10 Total)- Pierce, Double, Spread\par
-New Energy Secondary Weapons(15 Total)- Spiral, Whip, Trail, Reflect, Storm, Trigger\par
-New Deploy Secondary Weapons(15 Total)- Turret, Hermit Missile, Strike Missile, Strike Mine, Split Missile, Cluster Mine\par
\par
\par
Rebalance:\par
Sparkline: increased range leniancy on node placement, lowered energy cost\par
\par
\par
---Version 0.5.0---\par
Handling System and Abilities implemented. \par
 -Two new maps- Satellite and Katrin Coast\par
-Waiting room revamp- customization is now slicker and simpler, host control is simpler, maps can be previewed\par
-Misc. Graphic/effect changes and updates\par
-Improved client-server commuication\par
-Visual options menu\par
-Battle prep screen added\par
-Handling system implemented\par
-Ship abilities implemented\par
\par
\par
Rebalance:\par
Shock Missile: Effect now disables shield and energy regeneration as well.\par
Wave: Damage buffed from 12 to 15.\par
Fusion: Attack size doubled.\par
Flank: Now automatically curves towards the targeted enemy. Damage nerfed from 7 to 5.\par
Solus: Firing rate doubled.\par
\par
\par
---Version 0.4.0---\par
Misc. Improvements and additions. Menu revamped.\par
-New menu appearance to match new HUD in-game\par
-Ship configuration disabled when ready\par
-Ready presses are limited- you must wait 3 seconds before changing it\par
-Host can now kick players in waiting room\par
-Tab will now show scores in-game. Auto-turn toggle moved to ctrl.\par
-Ready status shown to host\par
-Title screen added\par
-Waiting room chat updated\par
-Many new visual effects added\par
-Two new maps- Barricade, Victa Base\par
\par
Rebalance:\par
Locust Missile: Armor bonus damage multiplier changed from x2 to x1.3\par
Burst: Each ship can only be damaged by a single burst attack once. This stops overpowered damage\par
when using burst on top of enemies.\par
\par
\par
---Version 0.3.0---\par
New weapons and maps added. In-game chat added.\par
-Two New Primaries- Crossfire and Siphon\par
-Three New Energy Secondaries- Burst, Slash, Horizon\par
-Three New Deploy Secondaries- Shock Missile, Trident Missile, Hacker Mine\par
-Two New Maps- Victa Tundra and Combat Zone\par
-In-Game Chat\par
-Shield system changed\par
\par
Rebalance:\par
Layer Missile: Homing strength lowered\par
Stasis: Damage removed, affect on certain attacks removed, fire rate slower(9 to 11),\par
 energy cost increased(6 to 8), Stasis Field size reduced\par
Solus: Fire rate increased\par
Beam: Can now only be used at full energy, but energy cost remains the same.\par
\par
\par
---Version 0.2.0---\par
Multiple changes made\par
-Update feature added- download the new versions in-game\par
-Autoturn can be toggled on and off using Tab\par
-Momentary freeze at the start of a game greatly reduced\par
-Overall lag greatly reduced due to engine improvement\par
-Misc. bugs fixed\par
-Space hotkeying - Right click a secondary slot the the profile or waiting room to hotkey it to space in game. Pressing space will fire it, not switch to it.\par
-Practice mode, available at the profile\par
-Misc rebalancing\par
\par
\par
---Version 0.1.0---\par
First Demo\par
-Gmeplay and engine created\par
-Online-only. Features ip connections via games list\par
 where your ip is not known by other players\par
-Customizable ship\par
 -Three unique ships\par
 -5 Primary Weapons\par
 -6 Energy Secondary Weapons\par
 -6 Deploy Secondary Weapons\par
-Profile system- save your default ship customization, name, and ip\par
-Waiting Room with team selection, chat, ship customization, and more\par
-Two maps- Deep Space and Katrin Base\par
-Two modes- Stock Match and Death Match\f1\par
}
 